It scared me to death that I was still alive.
Sir, ah no,
Young Master, are you okay? Young Master,
Listen to me so much.
Give me first aid. I don't have anything else here.
Okay, I can only help you here.
I've been able to do this myself,
Let's meet the manager,
How should I remember first, the heaven inside,
The little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little